So now that we've modified our header component to be receiving the current user value from our reducer
we now have to actually update our app component so that it's able to update the reducer value with
the new set.
Current user action that we made.
So how do we do that while what we're going to do is we're gonna have to modify our app component with
Kinect as well
so we're going to import Kinect from react redux and just like we did earlier with our header component
we're going to connect our app to the outcome of our initial connect call using the second argument
of Kinect which is map dispatch the props now the first argument is map states props but our app doesn't
actually need current user anymore because outside of passing it into our header it only sets it but
it doesn't do anything with the current user value in its component itself.
So what we can do is pass in null as the first argument because we don't need any state so props from
our reducer.
The second argument will be our map dispatch the props which is a function that gets this dispatch property
and then similarly will return an object where the proper name will be whatever prop we want to pass
in that dispatches the new action that we're trying to pass which is set current user so let's import
inset current user because we need that action so we're going to import
redux user user actions set current user.
Now what we'll end up returning inside of our map dispatch will be set current user but it goes to a
function that gets the user object and then calls dispatch and what dispatches is.
It is a way for redux to know that whatever you're passing me whatever object you're passing me is going
to be an action object that I'm going to pass to every producer so our user action is a function that
gets the user but returns an action object.
So we are going to call our action but we're gonna pass that user in so that what we're doing is we're
invoking set current user with the user that will then be used as the payload But this return is the
object.
So we're just dispatching the object and now we're gonna pass map dispatch the props as the second argument
of connect and now we'll have this value offset current user so we don't need this constructor anymore
and instead what we're gonna do is we are going to replace this set state code with our set current
user action code so what we'll say is we will say this stop props set current user with the value
and now we're going to still pass in that object with our Snapshot whenever our snapshot comes in.
But we want to set the current user value to it now because we're also going to do it here.
Let's actually D structure this off of our props
set current user equals this prompts
and then instead of now using props we can just call set current user and similarly do the same thing
here but we don't need to pass it an object with current user we just need what the object we want to
update it with.
And now if we save whenever our user snapshot updates we are setting the user reduce or value with our
new object and we can actually see this in our application because of our null.
What is this is that state.
Oh.
So our header doesn't actually need current user anymore.
So we're accidentally passing that instill.
So now if we look we'll see this in our console log.
So what these are are actually messages that we're getting from redux logger that library we were included
when we yarn installed react and reacts redux what the logger tells us is the state of our redux after
any action is fired.
So each one is actually these three sections the first section is the state before the action was fired
the second one is the action itself and then the third one is the state after the action has modified
any of our reduces.
So if we look the first time our reducer was in the state where our user was equal to current user of
No.
This was the initial state of our user reducer.
This was our action where we had a payload of Ah you remember our user off object.
Right.
The big object that we get back from our Firebase and then the type is set current user and then the
next state will of course now have our current user value be equal to that payload value just as we
know that this is what redux is doing.
Right.
The reducer code now if we look at this next one this is after we get the snapshot after the snapshot
modifies our user auth object to now be are database User object.
So we'll see as before right.
Our current user is equal to that big object and then if fires again because our on snapshot code is
now firing set current user and what we'll get is our object that we are storing in our database display
name Mike.
Email Mike.
Right.
And then here we'll see that our reducer is now up to date with our new modified database object.
And if we look at our header we actually see that it says Sign out again because now we're actually
triggering our reducer to store the current user value that we are passing in with our map states props
into our header.
So this is that flow we were talking about.
This is how we're able to bring in all of our state props into our components right.
But now they're separated because now our header is no longer dependent on app passing it in but our
app still updates our user reduce or value so our header is able to get the latest current user property
this separation is a wonderful thing because now our components are truly components there are isolated
individual and only know what context they need to be aware of.
Now if we hit sign out we will see.
Right.
We are setting current user again but this time with our null value because we've signed out.
And then if we sign in with our email and password we'll see that we fire another action again but this
time we are now with our user again.
So that's the flow of redux.
Now we're going to do this pattern many times because practice makes perfect and we're learning a lot
of stuff in this lesson but this will be incredibly useful to us in the next following sections of building
our application.
Now let's just commit our code and move on.
So let's go back and see what we add in so we know we had our redux.
So we'll say added redux and implemented user reducer and user actions to header and app components
and now we'll get push and let's keep building our application.